README.md, before:

# Common Environment 
Configuration and tooling for the CLI environment that I expect to be common on
all my workstations is managed as a git repository.

## Getting set up
Making this repository somewhat unusual is the intention for it to act as the 
home folder and its use of git submodules.

The follow steps will accomplish that.

```bash
cd ~/
git clone https://github.com/jtheriault/dotfiles.git
mv dotfiles/.git ./
git pull
git submodule init
```

## Configuration
### Bash
This replaces the .bashrc file to establish common settings, extensions and 
load .bash_local (if it exists) to perform similar workstation-specific tasks.

### NVM
This installs and loads nvm into each running shell to provide whatever node
version is correct for my work.

### Vim
A significant aspect of this repo is establishing my preferred VIM environment.

In addition to setting core configuration values for key mappings, the status 
line and actual text editing behavior, this installs a number of helpful
plugins.

* BufOnly
* CtrlP
* JSDoc
* NERDTree
* NERDTree git plugin
* Pathogen
* Syntasic

#### Syntastic
In order for this syntax checker to work, it depends on external tools for each
language to be available in the $PATH. 

Ones of particular interest to me include:
* JSCS
* JSHint

```bash
sudo npm install -g jshint jscs
```

Commit message:

Corrections
Install steps were incomplete
Bash configuration description was outdated
Added note about GNU Screen

README.md, after:

# Common Environment 
Configuration and tooling for the CLI environment that I expect to be common on
all my workstations is managed as a git repository.

## Getting set up
Making this repository somewhat unusual is the intention for it to act as the 
home folder and its use of git submodules.

The follow steps will accomplish that.

```bash
cd ~/
git clone https://github.com/jtheriault/dotfiles.git
mv dotfiles/.git ./
git checkout .
git submodule init
git submodule update
mkdir -p .vim/autoload
source .bashrc
```

## Configuration
### Bash
This installs an extensible .bashrc system which loads spreads configuration 
across separate files in the ~/.bashrc.d/ directory.

### NVM
This installs and loads nvm into each running shell to provide whatever node
version is correct for my work.

### Vim
A significant aspect of this repo is establishing my preferred VIM environment.

In addition to setting core configuration values for key mappings, the status 
line and actual text editing behavior, this installs a number of helpful
plugins.

* BufOnly
* CtrlP
* JSDoc
* NERDTree
* NERDTree git plugin
* Pathogen
* Syntasic

#### Syntastic
In order for this syntax checker to work, it depends on external tools for each
language to be available in the $PATH. 

Ones of particular interest to me include:
* JSCS
* JSHint

```bash
sudo npm install -g jshint jscs
```
### GNU Screen
GNU screen is also a notable tool in my workflow. My default configuration is
included here and references to it in scripts may arise.
